**PROBLEM SET 1.1**
-------------------

1. Get the program fd1d_1.1c running.
What happens when the pulse hits the end of the array? Why?

    > When the pulse hits the end of the array the pulse 'continues on' as if
    there is an infinite space further out and nothing is reflected. There is
    a distortion on the edges (left most edge in the hy, right most in ex) 
    since these areas require knowledge 'off the edge' which don't exist.

    > This happens because we have not added any type of reflection behavior.

2. Modify the program so it has two sources, one at kc -20 and one at kc +20.
(Notice that kc is the center of the problem space.)
What happens when the pulses meet? Explain this from basic EM (electromagnetic)
theory.

    > See program [fd1d_1_2.rs](https://github.com/addtheice/simulate/blob/master/problem%20sets/chapter%201/1.1/fd1d_1_1.rs)

    > Where the two pulses meet the pulses add together. This makes sense since
    this how electromagnetic fields should work when meeting in open space.

    > Since the pulse is inserted as a hard insertion (irregardless of whatever
    the value for that space was) the two pulses when they cross over the point
    of *pulse insertion* will be overwritten.

3. Instead of Ex as the source, use Hy at k = kc as the source. What difference
does it make? Try a two-point magnetic source at kc -1 and kc such that
hy[kc-1] = -hy[kc] . What does this look like? To what does it correspond
physically?

    > We are essentially switching from producing an electric field pulse at
    Ex[kc] and are instead producing a magnetic pulse at Hy[kc]. The two fields
    are basically mirror images of each other.

    > This resembles what a magnet would essentially create. A north / south
    pole situation.
